Add scavenger GC & SSO flags in "WebView2 browser flags" (#3402)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/webview-features-flags.md

| `HardwareMediaKeyHandling` | Enables handling of hardware media keys for controlling media. |
| `ignore-certificate-errors` | Ignores certificate-related errors. |
| `ignore-gpu-blocklist` | Whether to ignore the GPU blocklist. |
| `incognito` | Forces InPrivate (Incognito) mode even if the user data directory is specified by using the `--user-data-dir` flag. |
| `isolate-origins` | Require dedicated processes for a set of origins, specified as a comma-separated list. For example: --isolate-origins=https://www.foo.com,https://www.bar.com. |
| `js-flags` | Specifies the flags passed to JS engine. |

> | `--js-flags=--scavenger_max_new_space_capacity_mb=8` | This flag specifies the maximum limit (in MB) for scavenger (minor garbage collector) in V8.  <br/>A higher scavenger memory limit reduces the frequency of minor garbage collectors, but increases memory usage.  <br/>A lower limit reduces memory footprint, but increases garbage collectors frequency, which may impact performance. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `--js-flags=--scavenger_max_new_space_capacity_mb=8` | This flag specifies the maximum limit (in MB) for scavenger (minor garbage collector) in V8.  <br/>A higher scavenger memory limit reduces the frequency of running minor garbage collectors, but increases memory usage.  <br/>A lower limit reduces memory footprint, but increases garbage collectors frequency, which may impact performance. |
```

> | `--js-flags=--scavenger_max_new_space_capacity_mb=8` | Specifies the maximum limit (in MB) for scavenger (minor) garbage collectors in the V8 JavaScript engine.  <br/>A lower scavenger memory limit reduces memory usage, and increases the frequency of running minor garbage collectors.  <br/>A higher scavenger memory limit increases memory usage, and reduces the frequency of running minor garbage collectors. |

Reviewer: @mikehoffms, please change to:

```
| `js-flags` | Specifies the flags passed to JS engine. Avaiable flags: 
 1. scavenger_max_new_space_capacity_mb: Specifies the maximum limit (in MB) for scavenger (minor) garbage collectors in the V8 JavaScript engine.  
A lower scavenger memory limit reduces memory usage, and increases the frequency of running minor garbage collectors.  
A higher scavenger memory limit increases memory usage, and reduces the frequency of running minor garbage collectors. |
```

Author: result (VS Code):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/4926c892-4341-4492-bc4e-e1db353a787c)

| `lang` | The language file that WebView2 want to try to open. Of the form language[-country] where language is the 2-letter code from ISO-639. |
| `log-net-log` | Enables saving net log events to a file.  If a value is given, that value is used as the directory path and file name.  If no value is given, the file is named `netlog.json`, and is placed in the user data directory. |
| `msAbydos` | Enables the "handwriting-to-text" experience. |
| `msAbydosGestureSupport` | Allows users to use gestures (such as the scratchout gesture) to delete text by using a pen.  Valid only if the `msAbydos` flag is enabled. |
| `msAbydosHandwritingAttr` | Whether the "handwriting-to-text" experience is enabled for input elements at the DOM level.  Valid only if the `msAbydos` flag is enabled. |

> | `msAllowAmbientAuthInPrivateWebView2` | This flag is to be used along with the `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` browser browser flag, to enable SSO with default credential flow or ambient authentication flow. |

Author: result:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a328cb01-e937-4a19-9209-14818c5206ee)

| `msFloatyShouldHonorIndiaHoldout` | If `true`, honors the India holdout group.  Use this flag, set to `false`, to disable the Floaty feature that's enabled if the user is part of the India holdout group, because WebView doesn't support browser retention experiments. |
| `msOverlayScrollbarWinStyle` | Whether the users can change between overlay and non-overlay modes for Fluent scrollbars. |
| `msPdfEnableAsPreview` | This features enables the PDF viewer to launch with a minimal toolbar and in read-only preview mode. |

> | `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow for incognito/private session<!-- todo: InPrivate? --> of WebView2.  Browser-based SSO should seamlessly work in incognito<!-- todo: InPrivate? --> mode after enabling this flag. |

Author: Fulltext search of Docs repo for 'incognito':
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0188dbaa-403f-4b94-b976-88afccd85ffd)
In browser-features.md, check usage there, change to InPrivate there?

Author: results:
```
| `incognito` | Forces InPrivate (Incognito) mode even if the user data directory is specified by using the `--user-data-dir` flag. |

| `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow for InPrivate (Incognito) sessions of WebView2.  Browser-based SSO should seamlessly work in InPrivate (Incognito) mode after enabling this flag. |
```
"should" is bad, entering separate PR Comment

Author: result:
```
| `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow 
for InPrivate (Incognito) sessions of WebView2.  Enables browser-based SSO in InPrivate 
(Incognito) mode. |
```

> | `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow for an InPrivate (Incognito) session of WebView2.  Browser-based SSO should<!-- todo: style guide: avoid "should" https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/should-vs-must --> seamlessly work in InPrivate (Incognito) mode after enabling this flag. |

Author: can we possibly omit "should" or rewrite to not use "should"?  

corp style guide:
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/should-vs-must

Author: result:
```
| `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow 
for InPrivate (Incognito) sessions of WebView2.  Enables browser-based SSO in InPrivate 
(Incognito) mode. |
```

> | `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow for an InPrivate (Incognito) session of WebView2.  Browser-based SSO should<!-- todo: style guide: avoid "should" https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/s/should-vs-must --> seamlessly work in InPrivate (Incognito) mode after enabling this flag. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow for InPrivate (Incognito) sessions of WebView2.  Browser-based SSO should seamlessly work in InPrivate (Incognito) mode after enabling this flag. |
```
@sivMSFT @captainbrosset 

Does this flag affect (typically) a single WebView2 InPrivate session, or all WebView2 InPrivate sessions?  
I have a feeling this 1 flag affects any/all wv2 InPrivate sessions and we need to use plural wording.

rendered article w/ intro:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/blob/user/mikehoffms/flags-sso/microsoft-edge/webview2/concepts/webview-features-flags.md#available-webview2-browser-flags

Author: result:
```
| `msSingleSignOnForInPrivateWebView2` | This flag enables the single sign-on (SSO) flow 
for InPrivate (Incognito) sessions of WebView2.  Enables browser-based SSO in InPrivate 
(Incognito) mode. |
```
